Changelog update for Cloud and Coregateway DXM (#1595)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log.md

Reviewer: Since these two new RNs are related to the same issue, I'd prefer if we combined them as follows:

```
#### 12 June 2023 - Fix - CloudGateway 2.11.0 / CoreGateway 2.13.0 - Resolved connection issue [ID_36439] [ID_36453]

In some cases, when using cloud features like Remote Access or Sharing, you could encounter the error message "The DataMiner System has no active connections to the DataMiner Cloud Platform". This was caused by the fact that the cloud connection was lost if the DMA name no longer corresponded to the server name after a rename.

To prevent this, instead of the server name, DataMiner CloudGateway now uses the DMA name as defined in DataMiner.xml or in the DMZ options.
```

Author: agreed, fixed it.

The dataminer.services platform gets updated continuously. This change log can help you trace when specific features and changes have become available.

#### 12 June 2023 - Fix - CloudGateway 2.11.0 / CoreGateway 2.13.0 - Resolved connection issue [ID_36439] [ID_36453]

> In case the DMA name no longer corresponded to the server name after a rename, when using cloud features like Remote Access or Sharing, you could encounter the error message "The DataMiner System has no active connections to the DataMiner Cloud Platform". This issue has now been resolved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case the DMA name no longer corresponded to the server name after a rename, when using cloud features like Remote Access or Sharing, you could encounter the error message "The DataMiner System has no active connections to the DataMiner Cloud Platform". This issue has now been resolved by using the DMA name instead of the server name.
```

> In some cases, when using cloud features like Remote Access or Sharing, you could encounter the error message "The DataMiner System has no active connections to the DataMiner Cloud Platform". This was caused by the fact that the cloud connection was lost if the DMA name no longer corresponded to the server name after a rename.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In case the DMA name no longer corresponded to the server name after a rename, when using cloud features like Remote Access or Sharing, you could encounter the error message "The DataMiner System has no active connections to the DataMiner Cloud Platform". This issue has now been resolved.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> To prevent this, instead of the server name, DataMiner CloudGateway now uses the DMA name as defined in DataMiner.xml or in the DMZ options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The dataminer.services platform gets updated continuously. This change log can help you trace when specific features and changes have become available.

#### 12 June 2023 - Fix - CloudGateway 2.11.0 - Resolved concurrency issue [ID_36439]

Cloud connection will remain active when the DMA name no longer corresponds to the server name after rename.

> Cloudgateway uses now the DMA name as defined in dataminer.xml or from DMZ options instead of the server name to verify its state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DataMiner CloudGateway now uses the DMA name as defined in dataminer.xml or from the DMZ options instead of the server name.
```

Reviewer 2: Add what issue/bug this fixes: remote access, sharing etc showing dms unavailable error on the blue page

#### 12 June 2023 - Fix - CoreGateway 2.13.0 - Resolved concurrency issue [ID_36453]

> Cloud connection will remain active when the DMA name no longer corresponds to the server name after rename.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cloud connection will remain active when the DMA name no longer corresponds to the server name after a rename.
```

Reviewer 2: Adjust to indicate what issue/bug this fixes: remote access, sharing etc showing dms unavailable error on the blue page

> DMA name is taken from dataminer.xml for dmawildcard subscriptions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
To much details
